Describe the apiKey, width and height options in dxMap (#1572)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxMap/1 Configuration/apiKey/googleStatic.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> A key to authenticate the component within Google Maps Static.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A key used to authenticate the component within Google Maps Static.
```

> A key to authenticate the application within the "Google Static" map provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A key to authenticate the application within Google Maps Static.
```
